[15.0][IMP] account_due_list: reconcile accounts domain and filter by default payable and receivables accounts (#667)
OCA/account-payment: account_due_list/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module adds a pending payments due list. The list contains every

> expected payment that has been generated by receivable and payable accounts. The list is fully filterable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expected payment that has been generated by reconcilable accounts. The list is fully filterable.
```
